[TASK] Documentation updated (#32)
pluswerk/php-dev: README.md

> # PHP-DEV

Reviewer: why does that need to be changed?

Author: Thought sounds so right. I can change that back, too.

> The development of a website is simplified using PHP-DEV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development of a website is simplified by using PHP-DEV.
```

> It mainly differentiates whether an Apache or Nginx is used and which PHP version is used.

Reviewer: The choice isn't made by the Dockerfile itself but rather by the user. This setup just gives the user the ability to choose between a different set of PHP versions and apache or nginx

Author: changed

> It is recommended to use [pluswerk/docker-global](https://github.com/pluswerk/docker-global) as this Dockerfile will build on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to use [pluswerk/docker-global](https://github.com/pluswerk/docker-global) as a wrapper for your projects since this Dockerfile has been build by keeping that in mind.
```
